/**
 * The SLI Search module integrates with SLI Systems Search and provides
 * an outstanding level of search customizability.
 *
 * @todo Extend cron functionalities to smaller than daily frequency
 * @todo Have separate crons for each store feed (job code by store id)
 * @todo May need to pass some variable to the template page to make it store specific
 * @todo Make sending emails on cron an optional thing with a yes/no in sys config
 *
 * @package SLI
 * @subpackage Search
 * @author Blue Acorn: Brys Sepulveda
 */

Overview:
This module provides the sitewide javascript necessary for SLI to integrate properly
with Magento. It redirects the search functionality (through the form.mini.search)
to a new url (provided by SLI) which SLI hosts that serves search results. This SLI
hosted page gets its styling from a special Magento hosted template page that this
module creates as sli/search/template. SLI will use that page to template their own
page. SLI learns about Magento's products from a feed that is generated for each
Magento store and sent to SLI through FTP. If FTP is not enabled, then the feed will
have to be manually sent. 

MiniGrid:
Any mention of the MiniGrid within this module is reference to the base module that
this search module is built on. The BlueAcorn_MiniGrid module provides a mini
grid in an easy to use system configuration frontend type. The frontend type creates
a grid with the level of customization of normal Magento grids with column renderers.
The MiniGrid provides the flexability of inline editing in the same vein as the Magento native
grids you see on things like tier pricing on product pages.

Sli_Search_Template:
This page provides the template by which SLI generates its search page. SLI hits
this page to pull designs off of it so that their externally hosted search page
has the latest Magento design.

Feed Backup:
When a feed generation occurs, all feeds created during the generation can be backed
up into an archive. The archive keeps track of the last two generations at a time in
order to be efficient about space. Once a generation happens, the oldest archive
is destroyed, the next archive is made the oldest, and then the new generation is
archived. These archives are found in var/sli/backups/bak/ and
var/sli/backups/bak.bak. Feed back up can be turned on and off in the system config.

Manual Feed Generation:
The system configuration provides a Feed Generation button under the feed section. The
manual feed button will start the generation for all stores. If the generation is already
happening then the generation will not occur.

Scheduled Feed Generation:
The feed generation can be set on a schedule which is settable under the Cron section
of the system configurations. The frequency (daily, weekly, monthly) and the exact
time of day can be set. The default is daily at 2 in the morning.The next time the
feed will run is displayed on the Feed section.

CLI Feed Generation:
The feeds can be generated from the command line as well. the script is located under
shell/sli/feed.php. The script has one command which is 'build' and can take 0 or 1 parameter.
With 0 parameters, all feeds are built. The 1 parameter it takes is --store with the store
id as a value. With that parameter set, the feed for the store id will be created.

Feed Generation Logging:
The generation of the feed is logged to a specific log file for the feed. In this way,
there will be a different log file for each feed. The logs are located under var/log/sli/
and are named accordingly. There are three levels of logging, Error, Debug, and Trace.

FTP:
The SLI Search module will send the product feed to SLI if the settings are correct.
SLI will provide an ftp user, password, host, and path where the feeds can be uploaded.
These will need to be set up as part of set up for the module.

Search Mini Form:
The search mini form, which is the search box in the header, has been overwritten in
this module to link to the external SLI hosted search page. This page will be provided
by SLI in your setup of the module and will need to be configured under the javascript
section of the system configurations under Search Domain. The search also comes with an
autocomplete script which will need to be configured in the same area under the
javascript section under Auto Complete.

Javascript:
The top and bottom javascripts appear on each page and will be provided by SLI to
set up this module. The javascript will need to be pasted directly into the system
configurations under the javascript section under Header and Footer.